Use Cases:

end goal is structured data storage and involves transforming data. Ingestion needed for retrieval. Incoming data is batch data in nature
end goal is semi-structured data storage and involves transforming data. Ingestion needed for retrieval. Incoming data is batch data in nature
end goal is structured data storage without transformation. Ingestion needed for retrieval. Incoming data is batch data in nature
end goal is semi-structured data storage without transformation. Ingestion needed for retrieval. Incoming data is batch data in nature


endgoal is for structured data to be presented on dashboard. Ingestion needed for retrieval. Incoming data is batch data in nature
endgoal is for semi-structured data to be presented on dashboard. Ingestion needed for retrieval. Incoming data is batch data in nature
endgoal is for structured data to be presented on dashboard and involves transforming data. Ingestion needed for retrieval. Incoming data is batch data in nature
endgoal is for semi-structured data to be presented on dashboard and involves transforming data. Ingestion needed for retrieval. Incoming data is batch data in nature


end goal is to store graph based data without need for transformation. Ingestion is needed for retrieval. Incoming data is batch data in nature
end goal is to present graph based data on a dashboard and involves transforming data. Ingestion is needed for retrieval. Incoming data is batch data in nature


end goal is for the storage of both structured and unstructured data without need for transformation. Ingestion needed for retrieval. Incoming data is batch data in nature
end goal is for the storage of both structured and unstructured data and involves transforming data. Ingestion needed for retrieval. Incoming data is batch data in nature
end goal is the presentation of both structured and unstructured data on a dashboard and involves transforming data. Ingestion needed for retrieval. Incoming data is batch data in nature
end goal is the presentation of both structured and unstructured data on a dashboard without need for transforming data. Ingestion needed for retrieval. Incoming data is batch data in nature





end goal is structured data storage and involves transforming data. Ingestion needed for retrieval. Incoming data is streaming data in nature
end goal is semi-structured data storage and involves transforming data. Ingestion needed for retrieval. Incoming data is streaming data in nature
end goal is structured data storage without transformation. Ingestion needed for retrieval. Incoming data is streaming data in nature
end goal is semi-structured data storage without transformation. Ingestion needed for retrieval. Incoming data is streaming data in nature


endgoal is for structured data to be presented on dashboard. Ingestion needed for retrieval. Incoming data is streaming data in nature
endgoal is for semi-structured data to be presented on dashboard. Ingestion needed for retrieval. Incoming data is streaming data in nature
endgoal is for structured data to be presented on dashboard and involves transforming data. Ingestion needed for retrieval. Incoming data is streaming data in nature
endgoal is for semi-structured data to be presented on dashboard and involves transforming data. Ingestion needed for retrieval. Incoming data is streaming data in nature


end goal is to store graph based data without need for transformation. Ingestion is needed for retrieval. Incoming data is streaming data in nature
end goal is to present graph based data on a dashboard and involves transforming data. Ingestion is needed for retrieval. Incoming data is streaming data in nature


end goal is for the storage of both structured and unstructured data without need for transformation. Ingestion needed for retrieval. Incoming data is streaming data in nature
end goal is for the storage of both structured and unstructured data and involves transforming data. Ingestion needed for retrieval. Incoming data is streaming data in nature
end goal is the presentation of both structured and unstructured data on a dashboard and involves transforming data. Ingestion needed for retrieval. Incoming data is streaming data in nature
end goal is the presentation of both structured and unstructured data on a dashboard without need for transforming data. Ingestion needed for retrieval. Incoming data is streaming data in nature



Ingestion Tools: Apache Kafka, Apache Sqoop
 
Storage:
  Structured: Postgres, MySQL, Hive, Hadoop
  Semi-structured: MongoDB
  Graph: Neo4j
 
Processing Tools: Spark
 
Visualization: Superset
 
Orchestration: Airflow
 